Expo smoke test update for Expo 39 (#1407)
microsoft/vscode-react-native: test/smoke/docs/run-locally.md

|`IOS_VERSION`|13.0|(**Only for iOS tests**) Version of iOS on the simulated device|
|`CODE_VERSION`|`*`, `1.34.1`, `insiders`|Version of VS Code to download and run while running tests|
|`EXPO_XDL_VERSION` (optional)|`54.1.4`, `skip`|Version of @expo/xdl package to install to the extension directory. If set to "skip" then package installation will be skipped|

> |`EXPO_SDK_MINOR_VERSION` (optional)|`38`, `skip`|Version of `expo-sdk` for expo applications. If set to "skip" then use latest `expo-sdk` version|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`EXPO_SDK_MINOR_VERSION` (optional)|`38`, `skip`|Version of `expo-sdk` for Expo applications. If set to "skip" then the latest `expo-sdk` version will be used|
```
